Thanks for using Suvai Organics!

By using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and acknowledge our [Privacy Policy](https://nammasuvai.com/pages/privacy "Privacy Policy"), which explains how we collect, use, and share information.

This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and Terms of Use for access or usage of www.nammasuvai.com website.
The domain name www.nammasuvai.com (hereinafter referred to as "Website") is owned by SUVAI ORGANICS, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 with its registered office in Chennai, India (hereinafter referred to as "SUVAI ORGANICS").

Your use of the Website and services and tools are governed by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use") as applicable to the Website including the applicable policies which are incorporated herein by way of reference. If you transact on the Website, You shall be subject to the policies that are applicable to the Website for such transaction. By mere use of the Website, You shall be contracting with SUVAI ORGANICS,and these terms and conditions including the policies constitute your binding obligations, with SUVAI ORGANICS.
For the purpose of these Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires "You" or "User" shall mean any natural or legal person who has agreed to become a buyer on the Website by providing Registration Data while registering on the Website as Registered User using the computer systems. Suvai Organics allows the User to surf the Website or making purchases without registering on the Website. The term "We", "Us", "Our" shall mean SUVAI ORGANICS.

When You use any of the services provided by Us through the Website, including but not limited to, (e.g. Product Reviews, Seller Reviews), You will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they shall be deemed to be incorporated into this Terms of Use and shall be considered as part and parcel of this Terms of Use. We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time without any prior written notice to You. It is Your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically for updates / changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will mean that You accept and agree to the revisions. As long as You comply with these Terms of Use, We grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Website.

ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE, SO PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING. By impliedly or expressly accepting these Terms of Use, You also accept and agree to be bound by Suvai Organics Policies ((including but not limited to Privacy Policy available on /s/privacypolicy) as amended from time to time.

1. Website Availability - Suvai Organics may suspend the Website for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to repairs, planned maintenance or upgrades, and shall not be liable to you for any such suspension.
- Suvai Organics reserves the right to make any changes to the Website or to discontinue any aspect or feature of the Website without notice.
- In the event that SUVAI ORGANICS, in its sole discretion, considers that you are making any illegal and/or unauthorised use of the Website, and/or your use of the Website is in breach of these Terms, Suvai Organics reserves the right to take any action that it deems necessary, including terminating without notice your use of the Website and, in the case of illegal use, instigating legal proceedings.

2. Your Status : By placing an order to purchase Products (Order) through the Website, you warrant that:
- You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts; and
- You are at least 18 years old.

3. Specific Use - You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and you hereby INDEMNIFY the Website Owner against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which the Website Owner or any third party may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any such message or material.

4. No Commercial Use - This Website is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, commercially exploit, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any content, software, products, or services contained within this site. You may not use this site, or any of its content, to further any commercial purpose, including any advertising or advertising revenue generation activity on your own site.

5. Visitor Registration - Visitors will need to register with the Website in order to use some of the services or features made available on this Website. When you register, you are required to provide information about yourself that is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects. Should any of your registration information change, please notify us immediately either using the Website’s automated service, or via e-mail at hi@nammasuvai.com. We may change registration requirements from time to time.

6. Your Account and Registration Obligations - If You use the Website, You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Display Name and Password and You shall be responsible for all activities that occur under your Display Name and Password. You agree that if You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete or We have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or not in accordance with the this Terms of Use, We shall have the right to indefinitely suspend or terminate or block access of your membership on the Website and refuse to provide You with access to the Website.

7. Trademarks

The trademarks, names, logos, video, photos, music and service marks (collectively "trademarks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of the Website Owner and the suppliers of the products listed on the Website. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any trademark without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.

8. External Links

External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of the Website Owner. Please contact us at info. if you would like to link to this website or would like to request a link to your website.

9. Suvai Organics Refund Policy

Quality of our products is of the utmost importance to us. We do everything possible to ensure that you get high quality products. In the rare event that you find our products in poor quality, we will refunded them in full, including a refund of any standard delivery charges for sending the item to you and the cost incurred by you in returning the item to us.

12. Disclaimer of Liability

The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.

13. General
#### Entire Agreement
These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and the Website Owner in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor the Website Owner shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and the Website Owner in respect of your use of the website.
#### Alteration
The Website Owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
#### Conflict
Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
#### Waiver
No indulgence or extension of time which either you or the Website Owner may grant to the other will constitute a waiver of or, whether by estoppel or otherwise, limit any of the existing or future rights of the grantor in terms hereof, save in the event or to the extent that the grantor has signed a written document expressly waiving or limiting such rights.
•Cession
The Website Owner shall be entitled to cede, assign and delegate all or any of its rights and obligations in terms of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices to any third party
#### Severability
All provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped together or linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
#### Applicable
Any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Delhi without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Delhi in respect of any disputes arising in connection with the website, or any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or any matter related to or in connection therewith.
#### Comments or Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices contact us at hi@nammasuvai.com